okay we're here today with racing icon
old guy just okay racing old guy kyndra
from Kim kitty I don't care
ken schrader let's see here rumor has it
that this could be your last Sprint Cup
race that's what the rumor mill says
that's pretty much what we're thinking
yeah but more importantly this could be
the last day that you are the official
spokesman for really cheap floors calm
no no I told you because we built that
15,000 square foot addition our st.
Louis shop and you promised to do all
the flooring in it that I would be your
spokesman for the next year two years no
problem partners buddy really cheap
floors calm in other news I'll call you
about that
what would my kitty want to return to
Cup racing and we've been trying to
figure out some things that maybe we
could put together to get Kitty by the
cup card one that came up was get
Budweiser back as a sponsor well you
know they're still in the sport but we
we are sponsored by Coors Light now
that's what we drink in and we have
plenty of beer out beer is not a problem
it's caused some but it but running out
it hasn't been a problem
come on our sponsor with that we have an
ice maker in our earth shop so that's
not probably okay that song man
okay how about come on if we had the
crew make the seat wider in the car
as long as I Drive in the car my seats
fit just fine they're the same ones I've
always had now if you were gonna try to
get in there Ted we would have to change
the seat but my seats fine for me
number three what if we got you a fire
suit made out of spandex now we have to
answer just like the seats they're 10
it's my sis my fire students are fine
but we could call Charlotte 10 Tony if
you want to get fire suit clean and
isn't late for you
let's see next how about you trade cars
with the 48 nope that would not be very
appealing at all one see how fast the
thing goes I mean they're they're used
to somebody that's a whole lot younger I
just really want to go fast every
weekend Frankie's got me out in this
program now where I just wanna make sure
I guess go whatever speed it is and not
hit anything I couldn't do that pressure
of that 48 then that wouldn't be good so
you're saying if they put you on the
front row in the 48
it'll be like five wide when they got to
turn would I'm trying for a little bit
just abort instantly but no we've been
here a long time had a lot of fun I do
appreciate you have been really nice to
the front ends on the car this year and
since really cheap floors is across the
the nose of the car that means a lot to
me yeah well you know I know how cheap
really cheap floors is and you know we
got that one set of decals faith if they
cross the hood and pretty much told me
that was it for the year but I've been
very very careful with them
ah fireman hey how about trading crew
chiefs with anybody
well there's some crew chiefs out there
that there's a lot of mucker
good really not a lot of them I've
worked with in the past because most of
them have already quit but that's you
know here's the problem those crew
chiefs they're not like like Frankie
Frankie's one-line racist foot way
really got going for him is high you see
how do you think not yet
you know if she looking stout so I trade
to purchase they might be pretty smart
to car handle although that again they
don't have Heidi have you heard Patti
story about how she chose Frank
best-of-three Stoddard no I haven't
heard the story she told to me and Boris
said was that she dated two guys before
Frankie and both up were such losers
that when she met Frankie and he wasn't
a complete loser
she married these guys have a cigarette
like Bert and Ernie that's right yes
right we're about out of time well yeah
for a minute yeah let's see how about
this how about if we change the starting
line up to work from oldest to youngest
no I don't want to do that either
because it takes me it takes me a long
time to get in that car at my age so
that's why when I can start in the back
I got more time to get the card okay I
starting up front I start up there a
bunch dead young back in the day and you
gotta hustle sometimes to get in your
car just not where you want to be at the
time you let it down everything's going
fine
you got good lot I got courtside I got
really cheap floors you go get you
towards thousand-foot new garage I'm
excited about that
yes sir okay um how about some some
races some Cup races on dirt with that
big happy well make me happy but I'm
just pretty happy run their car the the
dirt car throughout the country and
those run the truck race now Doros here
was big last year I don't think I don't
think we'll see the cup cars there so no
I don't think that they said I don't
think we're gonna see that don't think
Stewart's got that much bull Wow
it depends I mean melancholy so how
don't think of our feet up okay you did
put the Federated Auto Parts truck on
the pole there yeah but one that they
sleep when they send out checks we got
paid for fourteen so it didn't work out
quite as we wanted
let's see here hey we've got a big time
from uh TV thing going on here yes big
time screw it up see ya we're going by
wait go my way babe a deal
speaking of which have us some more
pizza sponsors Red Baron was good for
you Red Baron was a really good sponsor
Pat for years 86 87
early nineties have back in two thousand
seven eight nine something like that
with Schwan's they were very good and we
still be took expiration dates on this
you know we go by a long time oh yeah
that's our favor
I can see why let's see here how bout
two how about we get you another TV show
this Mike he have to be on it too
that was ten years with my tlme but you
know what that did being on that TV show
was very similar to sitting here talking
to you except you had a better class of
being work with
no it just makes me feel smarter either
way say Monday is now it's not going to
be either Keaney I can't I can't see any
reason that you need to to worry about
running or Cup races well there's only
one thing that's a make me really come
back really a hundred percent into this
area meet up with you on our last year
and if we could have a full-blown high
dollar no budget really cheap or
and come back multi-year deal buddy no
budget that part I want to know I mean
unlimited oh you've been on yeah that's
of zero my zeros yeah well we can't have
a number in front be a one of the front
rows there's enough zeros behind them
I'll have my people call your can't have
your people call and I know your phone
calls important because you said you'd
call back yeah that's right all right
kitty I appreciate it
I joined millions of fans they're gonna
miss you I don't think there's anybody
in this generation that has made more
friends in the cut girl adrià racing
garage that you have and the cub garage
is gonna miss you I don't know if any in
my generation they're still out here so
we've had a lot of fun to attend that's
a good point
appreciate you brother thanks sir thank
you